Click Me!`See who's fastest! This 'game' allows an arbitrary number of number of players to have a button that they can press after a host player pushes theirs, it can be used to host triva nights. There are multiple themes to change the look, mostly based on holidays.
Crowd!`This is a test that resulted in a hoard of enemies with awful brute force collision and an infinite scrolling background. There is a controllable character in the center of the screen that the enemies will follow, it is controlled with the WASD keys.
Roll!`I wanted to roll a ton of dice, so I made this. When it starts it allows you to type in a number, this is the number of dice to be thrown, when the SPACE key is pressed they are tossed in random directions with a bias to the right. Every time the dice hits a surface, the face changes to any from 0-6 randomly until it stops bouncing. The more dice there are the more likely the final number output will be around 3 * # of dice.
DOSferatu!`This is the early form of a DOS inspired RPG engine of sorts. The main module will be based around a fantasy world that's been stewing in my mind, it'll be somewhat generic, I think. I believe 'DOSferatu' will remain a funny development name, it will probably be named after the fantasy module that will be bundled with it.
Draw!`I was interested in making a drawing interface for presentations that resembled a chalkboard. I used an ugly font that I was fond of at the time, I made it myself. I no longer like it, in fact, I'm not sure it's redeemable in any way. The drawing interface itself is interesting and the idea still interests me.
Generic!`This was meant to be the placeholder template for future trivia themes.
Gift It!`Before I made the final version that that has a theme picker each theme was its own app, this is the Christmas theme.
Plant It!`This was the first version of the app that eventually became 'Click Me!', many visual aspects changed between this and the space theme in the final, but the majority carried over. I think the newer version generally looks a little worse, but it's not that different.
Type It!`After I made 'Click Me!' we wanted to have written answers for more variety so this was born. It has basically no personality and no player customizability, but it does let you name yourself.
Love It!`Another theme for 'Click Me!', this one's for Valentine's Day.
Manga Reader!`I made this to right a wrong in the world, bad web based manga readers. Note that the manga was chosen at random as it was newly updated at the time, I don't think it's necessarily good. I didn't get very far, but I did add a magnifiying glass when mouse is held, smooth scolling, variable page sizes, and titled tabs. I would need to make a browsing interface and a settings page for customizability. It could also store progress in exportable local data.
Pew Pew!`You must protect the little dot that follows you around from the ever growing mass of relentless zombies! There is no end, you must simply survive until you cannot.
Planet It!`Fake 3D planetary solar system thing. You can hop to different planets by clicking on them while they are in view. You can change your view by dragging your mouse around while either of the mouse buttons are held down.
Sandy!`Drop colorful sand by holding either of the mouse buttons down. The colors are random.
Stream...`This project either doesn't work or I forgot what you have to do, but it would essentially send what one person was drawing to another person.
Tanks!`For some reason the scaling is off, but this is a proof of concept of sorts for a style of 2D graphics that looks really clean and sort of 3D. I liked the feel of the controls for the tanks too. The tank targeted is controlled with WASD, I changes the targeted tank, and O and P change the angle of the light.
Multitouch...`I was trying to work out multitouch and scaling for future mobile viewing endeavors.
